I would like to send my gratitude to the people of Hakunagata.
The government has been elected.
I would like to express my gratitude to the people of the Republic of Japan,
who are the representatives of the Abe administration and the people of the Republic of Japan.
As a result, the public has not been recommended by the candidates,
and this has resulted in the high efforts to recommend the people of the Abe administration.
I would like to express my gratitude to the people of the Republic of Japan,
who are the representatives of the Abe administration and the people of the Republic of Japan.
Furthermore, I deeply believe that the future of our country will bring about a great contribution and success
in the implementation of the Japanese election.
Thank you.
However, I am very grateful to the people of the Republic of Japan
for their great dedication and confidence in their work.
However, the people who will be the most suitable candidates are the 1,500 million people.
If the Japanese army is to be taken over by a small, individual,
and even a small group of people,
and if the Japanese army is to be taken over by a small, individual,
the Japanese army will not be able to be defeated.
We must ensure the future of the Japanese people's cooperation.
The date of the election is on the 30th of July.
It is in the name of the people's hearts.